---
layout: post
title:  "How We're Teaching Computers to Understand Pictures"
date:   2015-09-29  
comments:   true        
---

**This is an little summary of a [TED Talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/fei_fei_li_how_we_re_teaching_computers_to_understand_pictures).**

This TED talk is about computer graphic. The lecturer is Fei-Fei Li--the Director of Stanford’s Artificial Intelligence Lab and Vision Lab. Today's technology is more advanced than ever, but to tell the computer to recognize picture is still a problem. Even though the computer right now can process so precise picture that even beyond human eyes' resolution, it still can not beat a three-year-old child in describing a picture in front of it (which means computer is very weak in picture recognizing). Since the digital form of a picture is a two-dimensional array of numbers known as pixels, they do not carry any information about the content in this picture. To make pictures understandable to computer, there are several things have to be done. First we have to teach the computer to see objects through millions labeled pictures we gather from our ImageNet project and combine with algorithm. The algorithm tells the computer what is in the picture and the relationship between contents. With the combination of machine learning and big data plus natural language process, we can teach computer to generate the description of a picture although it may not make the perfect description. This picture-recognizing technology can be used in all kinds of area such as medical surgery, space exploration, etc. Human is not the only one who can visualize the world and explore it since now.


